add dockerfile for flask app (#4)
GreatScot/flask-postgres-base: README.md

# flask-postgres-base
Minimal flask-app with a postgreSQL database.

## 1. Prerequisites

- Docker

## 2. Build

`$ docker build -t flaskapp:latest .`

## 3. Run

> _When running the conatiner you will need to set the following environment variables:

Author: ```suggestion
When running the container you will need to set the following environment variables:
```

> - SECRET_KEY

Author: ```suggestion
- SECRET_KEY

```

> You may also wish to set FLASK_CONFIG and/or FLASK_ENV variables_

Author: ```suggestion
You may also wish to set the following environment variables:
- FLASK_CONFIG
- FLASK_ENV
```
